---
subtitle: "[]{#_30j0zll .anchor}Integration Roadmap Task"
title: "[]{#_gjdgxs .anchor}ACCESS Allocated Resource Integration
  Coordination v1"
---

### Task Type(s): Coordination Start by phase: Planning Complete by phase: ongoing RP role(s): PI and co-PI(s), Resource integration coordinator(s) {#task-types-coordination-start-by-phase-planning-complete-by-phase-ongoing-rp-roles-pi-and-co-pis-resource-integration-coordinators .unnumbered}

# Summary {#summary .unnumbered}

A resource provider wishing to integrate an ACCESS allocated compute,
storage, or cloud resource contacts ACCESS to start the integration
process, provides basic resource information, and identifies resource
provider staff contacts that will be involved in coordination, technical
integration, and ongoing support activities.

# Support Information {#support-information .unnumbered}

For assistance with this task see the *Support Information* section in
the *Integration Roadmap Description*.

# Prerequisite tasks {#prerequisite-tasks .unnumbered}

None

# Operator Instructions {#operator-instructions .unnumbered}

## Integration Launch

The integration engagement and process begins when the resource
PI/co-PIs and an RP designated Resource Integration Coordinator
communicates with ACCESS Operations, identifying themselves and their
PI, co-PI, and coordinator roles, provides their institution name, the
name and type of the resource they plan to integrate, and which ACCESS
integration roadmap they plan to follow (if known). The RP may
communicate this information by submitting an ACCESS ticket using the
[[Support Portal ticket
form]{.underline}](https://support.access-ci.org/open-a-ticket), or by
contacting the ACCESS Resource Provider Coordinator directly.

In response, ACCESS will identify an Integration Concierge, and if
needed schedule a call between the Resource Integration Coordinator,
anyone else the RP wishes to invite, the ACCESS Integration Concierge,
and the ACCESS Resource Provider Coordinator. The purpose of the meeting
is to introduce RP and ACCESS staff to each other, to discuss the
integration process and timeline, and to introduce integration roadmap
documentation. A call may not be necessary if the RP is already familiar
with the ACCESS integration process.

The Integration Concierge acts as the resource or service operator's
primary point of contact for all questions and issues in selecting and
completing the integration roadmap.

The Resource Integration Coordinator is responsible for coordinating all
RP activities, for identifying and maintaining the list of RP contacts
involved in different aspects of coordination, integration, and resource
support (see the next section), for communicating relevant ACCESS
integration information and Roadmap based resource integration document
to RP staff, and for managing RP staff access to ACCESS services.

## Identity Resource Provider Contacts

Soon after the Integration Launch the Resource Integration Coordinator
must provide each of the following RP contacts:

1)  Public relations and media contact(s)

2)  RP Forum participant(s)

3)  Allocations process contact(s)

4)  AMIE technical contact(s)

5)  Documentation and knowledge base contact(s)

6)  Researcher support contact(s)

7)  System administrator(s)

8)  Cybersecurity and incident response contact(s)

9)  Data and networking contact(s)

10) Resource news and outages publisher(s)

11) Metrics and performance data contact(s)

If the RP doesn't know who some of these contacts will be, or wishes not
to identify them until relevant integration effort ramps up, please name
the Integration Coordinator as the placeholder for those roles. In other
words, ACCESS needs each someone to be the contact in each of the above
areas, even if it's the coordinator who will eventually hand off effort
to someone else. As integration activities ramps up the Integration
Coordinator can add other RP staff replacing themselves as necessary.

The Integration Coordinator should enter and update their RP contacts in
the resource specific tab here:

-   [[ACCESS Allocated Resource
    > Contacts]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1dEGSt9ZEB1ik7jRbU8GdcWxRF7TUsL_8Y_9LrxmU6CQ/edit?usp=share_link)

The Integration Coordinator is responsible for maintaining accurate
contact information in this spreadsheet and updating when RP staff
changes. We recommend that the Integration Coordinator review and
correct their contacts every 6 months. This sub-task should take \~1
hour to complete initially, and \~Â½ hour annually to keep up-to-date.

ACCESS Integration Roadmaps task lists which RP staff contacts normally
perform that task.

# Document Management {#document-management .unnumbered}

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Status           Draft
  ---------------- ------------------------------------------------------
  Official date    2/1/2023

  Retired date     

  Coordinators     JP Navarro, ACCESS Operations

  Last revised     1/17/2023
  date             
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
