---
subtitle: "[]{#_jei9xbp4ukxc .anchor}Integration Roadmap Description"
title: "[]{#_gjdgxs .anchor}ACCESS Allocated Production Compute v2"
---

# Infrastructure Type(s) {#infrastructure-types .unnumbered}

This roadmap integrates a high-performance computing "HPC" cluster
([[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High-performance_computing]{.underline}](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High-performance_computing)).
Researchers typically use HPC clusters by logging in to front-end nodes
where they install application software and run jobs under a batch
scheduler. Science gateways, workflow engines and other software tools
may perform these actions on the researchers behalf. Jobs may run
entirely in the background reading input data and generating output
data, may use interactive or steared input, and may generate live or
streamed visual output.

# Summary {#summary .unnumbered}

The ACCESS program
([[https://access-ci.org]{.underline}](https://access-ci.org)) enables
researchers and educators to gain access to advanced computing,
visualization, and data resources to accomplish their research or
classroom objectives using an allocations process described at
[[https://allocations.access-ci.org/]{.underline}](https://allocations.access-ci.org/).

This roadmap details the tasks that a resource provider organization
must perform to make a specific HPC cluster ACCESS allocated in
production. These tasks cover all aspects of integration and operations
in production, including coordination, technical integration tasks, and
ongoing support activities.

# Operator Information {#operator-information .unnumbered}

Operators planning to integrate an HPC resource into ACCESS with this
roadmap should contact ACCESS Operations to start the integration
process (see details in the first task below). ACCESS Operations will
assign a Concierge Integration Expert to provide personalized hands-on
assistance with the integration process, schedule an online meeting
between resource provider staff and ACCESS staff to launch the
integration process, and provide instructions on how to track
integration progress.

Operators must perform the Required Tasks below and may perform the
Optional Tasks below.

See related [[Roadmap Task
Timeline]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Vtt-Rvwa2ZVRp61A9g80MyisZ748lK1o_46Xt7-6Fq0/).

This roadmap refactors and replaces the [[ACCESS Allocated Production
Compute/Storage/Cloud
v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VUTa5DOz27B6wobZZwh6gh6dcXWD30rpYovoLZ1nwqk)
roadmap. Operators that completed the older roadmap only need to
complete corresponding tasks that were not completed in the prior
roadmap. This roadmap does not introduce new integration requirements.

Please track RP integration progress in [[this
spreadsheet]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ejgGUU-IVLEhTIXX3pmCNBSJ2e0yXwXxPpgZ2RHwM4Q/).
**\*NEEDS UPDATING\***

# Support Information {#support-information .unnumbered}

Resource providers needing assistance with roadmap tasks may submit a
ticket using the [[Support Portal ticket
form]{.underline}](https://support.access-ci.org/open-a-ticket).
Indicate that you are requesting "ACCESS resource integration help" and
indicate which task/activity you need help with. If you need to talk to
someone please contact your assigned Concierge Integration Expert, or
the ACCESS Operations Resource Provider Coordinator.

For interactive Slack discussion join the RP-ACCESS
#integration-roadmaps channel:

-   [[https://rpaccesscommu-wyz4369.slack.com/archives/C03SRHDSUE4]{.underline}](https://rpaccesscommu-wyz4369.slack.com/archives/C03SRHDSUE4)

Standing RP and ACCESS resource integration meeting

-   Every second Friday 11:00 AM to Noon Central

-   [[https://uchicago.zoom.us/j/91086055483?pwd=aU1sUVM2c2ltMVZTRHdPeCtBZWVvQT09]{.underline}](https://uchicago.zoom.us/j/91086055483?pwd=aU1sUVM2c2ltMVZTRHdPeCtBZWVvQT09)

General [[Introduction to Roadmaps]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1OjeT6r01mdOIa4pq1VE0L5ocRPfqdXFp9QsADjdqrjE/)
slides.

[[ACCESS RP Roadmaps FAQ]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VwYROB7sh4X_Tqvi_4XIkYD-jffBS4UykS6gEJesuQE/).

# Required Tasks {#required-tasks .unnumbered}

A.  [[ACCESS Allocated Resource Integration Coordination v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BRxGZ1c41Cexeck-th4ph3jJgqfJ7exs7glwTZQeDMg/edit?usp=share_link)

B.  [[Infrastructure Description v2]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17vqEoF5lM_eZwBCzkjGwcqkMCiKAOpmfCJWJTGsE42k/edit?usp=share_link)

C.  [[Cybersecurity Requirements for RPs v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LrfJcgixn-sDuIxZOk47ddoZpCYgwabhWAZYoKOB2TI/edit?usp=share_link)

D.  [[Data & Network Integration Design v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IMOFizZUiXF1PcBR9qXKgQdNUQsVnio8AqcZ3mT74zc/edit?usp=share_link)

E.  [[ACCESS Allocation Policies v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_tdPDLq2FVg6nWUTYAI2Z-LbnlNGdSG3TKAh0d0zZ1I/edit?usp=share_link)

F.  [[MATCH Knowledge Base v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kyhV84JyeL5AdLsqKkdyyeGw6jOuQMZOSCSKNMnfpM8/edit?usp=share_link)

G.  [[Resource Provider Forum Participation v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1azoPUgl7NhY0WyxQsIWOW77Lp_lOqiEiukWHiizMbvI/edit?usp=share_link)

H.  [[Cybersecurity Governance Council Participation v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hHdN7bISae4caa6lryA5ps2b16uOY7QyEzYsVFYCs8c/edit?usp=share_link)

I.  [[Resource Metrics Data Availability Assessment
    v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12MNK2VggHD3JoySK4SgguHARMWJyc91EV2T1vY6Rf_8/edit?usp=share_link)

J.  [[Deploy Globus Endpoint v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XM7WflubcukUmTojdm7T_1JH4cUqKfmV6lYjTN-9FTo/edit?usp=share_link)

K.  [[Publish Dynamic Resource Information v2]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1x0g28vmx1w58JstBWBMQojicdRdYPdE5lX2Z81Y2CFg/edit?usp=share_link)

L.  [[Incident Response & Coordination v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QVSZEt2GDdlhA-Sogl0YBrGGSaFvZFQPiBCWAvT3PbU/edit?usp=share_link)

M.  [[Ticket Handling v2]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Hl7GqqsAmA5cbmwJRHnb6fONVB1Ywhhf5E6yI0V8d0/edit?usp=share_link)

N.  [[Operational Status Communications v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13Rc1fHQydSqfqYdIaFKKIbapenktOKSTxmgGqLpZ-uw/edit?usp=share_link)

O.  [[AMIE and Usage Reporting v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1efCqnqVjHfGfzWSKq8kclB7FGfcq__1HhqbvnF0SeSs/edit?usp=share_link)

P.  [[Performance Data reporting v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Tu3Z-3A-pUDmxs5iU1dtfBaReNSB7UkPLzWTErzST7c/edit?usp=share_link)

# Optional Tasks {#optional-tasks .unnumbered}

A.  [[CONECTnet Integration v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UbplfGyZZgfu3p98GTF-vv6xA40qHjSXjeWKM5fbykc/edit?usp=share_link)

B.  [[Local Service ACCESS IAM Integration v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LPjLip2snJBK_mHIOgstlTo3Fi2nYBT1A8avklTRlo0/edit?usp=share_link)

C.  [[ACCESS OnDemand Portal Integration v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1H3NWzS1uBCpcKZCMc7-omFsvVb1jG8AkFxN2Xju6xS8/edit?usp=share_link)

D.  [[Request RP/Site Staff Allocation v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GaHU-7cA3bOFwMvwh3s-Ic9535ncfW741HGnxKFCIOc/edit?usp=share_link)

# Document Management {#document-management .unnumbered}

  --------------- -------------------------------------------------------

  Status:         Draft

  Official date:  2/15/2023

  Retired date:   

  Coordinators:   Looking for someone\
                  JP Navarro, ACCESS Operations

  Last revised    2/1/2023
  date:           

  --------------- -------------------------------------------------------
