---
subtitle: "[]{#_jei9xbp4ukxc .anchor}Integration Roadmap"
title: "[]{#_gjdgxs .anchor}ACCESS Allocated Production Cloud v2"
---

# Infrastructure Type(s)

This roadmap integrates a cloud resource. Researchers interact with
cloud resources by provisioning virtual machines, containers, and/or
storage spaces.

# Summary

The ACCESS program
([[https://access-ci.org]{.underline}](https://access-ci.org)) enables
researchers and educators to gain access to advanced computing,
visualization, and data resources to accomplish their research or
classroom objectives using an allocations process described at
[[https://allocations.access-ci.org/]{.underline}](https://allocations.access-ci.org/).

This roadmap details the tasks that a resource provider must perform to
make a specific cloud resource ACCESS allocated in production. These
tasks cover all aspects of integration in production, including
coordination activities, technical integration tasks, and ongoing
support activities.

# Operator Information

Operators planning to integrate a cloud resource into ACCESS with this
roadmap should contact ACCESS Operations to start the integration
process. ACCESS Operations will assign a Concierge Integration Expert to
provide personalized hands-on assistance with the integration process,
schedule an online meeting between resource provider staff and ACCESS
staff to launch the integration process, and provide instructions on how
to track integration progress.

Operators must perform the Required Tasks below and may perform the
Optional Tasks below.

See related Roadmap Task Timeline. **\*NEEDS TO BE CREATED\***

This integration roadmap refactors and replaces the [[ACCESS Allocated
Production Compute/Storage/Cloud
v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VUTa5DOz27B6wobZZwh6gh6dcXWD30rpYovoLZ1nwqk)
roadmap. Operators that completed that roadmap only need to complete
corresponding tasks that were not completed in the prior roadmap. This
roadmap does not introduce any new tasks.

Please track RP integration progress in [[this
spreadsheet]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ejgGUU-IVLEhTIXX3pmCNBSJ2e0yXwXxPpgZ2RHwM4Q/).
**\*NEEDS UPDATING\***

# Support Information

Resource providers needing assistance with roadmap activities may submit
a ticket using the [[Support Portal ticket
form]{.underline}](https://support.access-ci.org/open-a-ticket).
Indicate that you are requesting "ACCESS resource integration help" and
indicate which task/activity you need help with.

For interactive Slack discussion join the RP-ACCESS
#integration-roadmaps channel:

-   [[https://rpaccesscommu-wyz4369.slack.com/archives/C03SRHDSUE4]{.underline}](https://rpaccesscommu-wyz4369.slack.com/archives/C03SRHDSUE4)

Standing RP and ACCESS Roadmaps meeting

-   Every second Friday 11:00 AM to Noon Central

-   [[https://uchicago.zoom.us/j/91086055483?pwd=aU1sUVM2c2ltMVZTRHdPeCtBZWVvQT09]{.underline}](https://uchicago.zoom.us/j/91086055483?pwd=aU1sUVM2c2ltMVZTRHdPeCtBZWVvQT09)

General [[Introduction to
Roadmaps]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1OjeT6r01mdOIa4pq1VE0L5ocRPfqdXFp9QsADjdqrjE/)
slides.

[[ACCESS RP Roadmaps
FAQ]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VwYROB7sh4X_Tqvi_4XIkYD-jffBS4UykS6gEJesuQE/).

# Required Tasks

A.  [[ACCESS Allocated Resource Integration Coordination
    > v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BRxGZ1c41Cexeck-th4ph3jJgqfJ7exs7glwTZQeDMg/edit?usp=share_link)

B.  [[Infrastructure Description
    > v2]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17vqEoF5lM_eZwBCzkjGwcqkMCiKAOpmfCJWJTGsE42k/edit?usp=share_link)

C.  [[Cybersecurity Requirements for RPs
    > v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LrfJcgixn-sDuIxZOk47ddoZpCYgwabhWAZYoKOB2TI/edit?usp=share_link)

D.  [[Data & Network Integration Design
    > v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IMOFizZUiXF1PcBR9qXKgQdNUQsVnio8AqcZ3mT74zc/edit?usp=share_link)

E.  [[ACCESS Allocation Policies
    > v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_tdPDLq2FVg6nWUTYAI2Z-LbnlNGdSG3TKAh0d0zZ1I/edit?usp=share_link)

F.  [[MATCH Knowledge Base
    > v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kyhV84JyeL5AdLsqKkdyyeGw6jOuQMZOSCSKNMnfpM8/edit?usp=share_link)

G.  [[RP Forum Participation
    > v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1azoPUgl7NhY0WyxQsIWOW77Lp_lOqiEiukWHiizMbvI/edit?usp=share_link)

H.  [[Cybersecurity Governance Council Participation
    > v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hHdN7bISae4caa6lryA5ps2b16uOY7QyEzYsVFYCs8c/edit?usp=share_link)

I.  [[Resource Metrics Data Availability Assessment
    > v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12MNK2VggHD3JoySK4SgguHARMWJyc91EV2T1vY6Rf_8/edit?usp=share_link)

J.  [[Incident Response & Coordination
    > v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QVSZEt2GDdlhA-Sogl0YBrGGSaFvZFQPiBCWAvT3PbU/edit?usp=share_link)

K.  [[Ticket Handling
    > v2]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Hl7GqqsAmA5cbmwJRHnb6fONVB1Ywhhf5E6yI0V8d0/edit?usp=share_link)

L.  [[Operational Status Communications
    > v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13Rc1fHQydSqfqYdIaFKKIbapenktOKSTxmgGqLpZ-uw/edit?usp=share_link)

M.  [[AMIE and Usage Reporting
    > v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1efCqnqVjHfGfzWSKq8kclB7FGfcq__1HhqbvnF0SeSs/edit?usp=share_link)

N.  [[Performance Data reporting
    > v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Tu3Z-3A-pUDmxs5iU1dtfBaReNSB7UkPLzWTErzST7c/edit?usp=share_link)

# Optional Tasks

A.  [[CONECTnet Integration
    > v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UbplfGyZZgfu3p98GTF-vv6xA40qHjSXjeWKM5fbykc/edit?usp=share_link)

B.  [[Local Service ACCESS IAM Integration
    > v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18GuqHLCj4oxtxt5bsqP_ICw5vMvXM0LQWqc_nLNO8MM/edit?usp=share_link)

C.  [[Request RP/Site Staff Allocation
    > v1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GaHU-7cA3bOFwMvwh3s-Ic9535ncfW741HGnxKFCIOc/edit?usp=share_link)

# Document Management

**Status**: Draft

**Official date**: 2/1/2023

**Coordinators**: Chris Martin, ACCESS Operations

**Last revised date**: 1/17/2023

**Retired date**:
